Update documentation on some health related natives. (#1157)
citizenfx/natives: ENTITY/SetEntityHealth.md

void SET_ENTITY_HEALTH(Entity entity, int health);
```

> When setting health for player ped entity types, the game clamps the health value to ensure it does not exceed the entity's maximum health. This maximum health can be retrieved by invoking [`GET_PED_MAX_HEALTH`](#_0x4700A416E8324EF3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting health for player ped entity types, the game clamps the health value to ensure it does not exceed the entity's maximum health. This maximum health can be retrieved by calling [`GET_PED_MAX_HEALTH`](#_0x4700A416E8324EF3).
```

When setting health for non-player peds, the maximum health will be increased if the new health value exceeds the current maximum, ensuring that the changes take effect.

> Default health value for peds is `200`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default health value for male peds is `200`, for female peds it is `175`.
```

> When setting health for non-player peds, the maximum health will be increased if the new health value exceeds the current maximum, ensuring that the changes take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting the health for non-player peds or entities, the maximum health will be increased if the new health value exceeds the current maximum.
```

> Applying this on other entities that are not players or peds won't clamp the value.

Reviewer: Are you sure this is true?

Author: Yeah, there's an if statement for ped entities and an else one for all other kind of entities.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/534797cc-fb33-479e-91d6-39dcfbc3672d)

The else statement

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c45f69b-09f4-4785-9382-5f10b3978e6f)

Author: Confirmed whilst playing

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d45300d9-1f55-4c8d-a3a1-406e04c75800)

> Applying this on other entities that are not players or peds won't clamp the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is just duplicated info of the first two lines.
